In this lesson we're going to add transition effect to
our application to make switching between the pages
looks smoother.
We'll also add AJAX spinner when API being hit to indicate
that the request being processed and waiting
for the response.
All right let's head over to our terminal
and here let me create a new branch
OK
let's run Laravel mix by saying npm run watch.
All right to add transition effect in Vue
actually it's very easy. Let's open spa.blade.php
and here let's wrap this router view with
transition
let's specify name to fed. For transitioning between
components will also need to specify mode and it's
gonna be out in
which means current element
transition out first then when complete
the new element transitions in.
Now let's define our transition styles.
Let's open app.scss
And here
let's define fade
enter active
fade leave active
so the fade prefix should be match with the
name that we specified in the transition name
here
let's add css transition effect by saying transition
opacity
in 3 second linear
let's also define fade
enter
fade leave to
and in here let's set the opacity to zero.
All right
let's save all changes
and let's see how that look
reload the page
now if we switch to my post page
back to questions.
As you can see now switching between the pages looks smoother
Alright in the next video
we'll see how the show the AJAX spinner.